	---
layout: post
title:  【周记】2018-03-17
category: 周记
tags: 周记
keywords:
description:
---

Now i sit on the Carsem 1'st floor playground, and wait for the production.
there are lots of alarm in these days: CCS's vacuum can not reach spec in time; coating result is not good; some error will happen in any time.

the Guy CGL, have monitored the production about 3 days, 15 h a day, so hard work have trap him in this work, and can not have achievement in the spare time. 
in these days, i read some articles about why poor people can not achieve what they want, can not get rich when they grow up ? why ?
may be i have get the answer:

  1) the situation, because when we are a poor guy, we need to do the basic job when we enter a company, and too many works let us can not improve ourself in the spare time, too hard work made us have no time to think about this job, and can not achieve a great improvement. So i think the suituation is very terrible when we are poor, it is a trap, we can not get out, we need this job to earn money, but this job can not afford us enough money, so we are always lack of money, can not get what we want.

  2) we are lack of some knowledge about how to use spare time to improve ourself. many poor guy have no minset about to improve themselves in the spare: play mobile phone, watch TV, surf on the internet...because after a hard working day, they want to relax, so can not focus on the things are good for their mind. they are too tired to improve themselves.

  3) have no chances to experence outside world, and always deep into the visual world which build by some person. they have wrong mindset, spend money on what are not good for their life. they follow the steps to bad world.

  34) not good environment, maybe their families are very poor, need money from their support, they need to paid part of their salary to support their family, so no enough money to improve themselves.

and there are also many reasons contribut to this situation.
i need to think about this case to aviod me getting poor and poor, i need to try my best to enter the mid-level society to have a small and honey home in the city.

this is my first english article, and i will write more english article in the future, because the english is very important. so i need to force myself to write things in english in daily life to train my mindset.
in the future, english will be more and more important, the same as programming, so i need to focus on training myself to write in english and think in programming mindset. so that i can get the job in the future (world changes so quickly, i need to catch up the trend)
take this note in 2018\3\17 Satueday afternoon, Carsem.

Joe Zhang
