---
layout: post
title:  【Diary】2018-03-19
category: Diary
tags: Diary
keywords:
description:
---

Another day in Carsem.
in these days, there is an article attract me, that is about a student from Tinghua University become a security guard after 17 years.
Tinghua University is one of the most famous university in China and the world, students from this university will be very rich and famous after graduation, but why he could be a guard after 17 years?
from his experence, he joint a forigen company after graduation as a salesman (his dream is designer, but there is no related career in China), so he receive the reality: been a salesman.
if he conyinue to do this job, maybe he will be rich in 17 years accumulation, but there is a disaster happening in his family: his fater get a cancer.
he need to take care of his father, so he return to the hometown as a guard. after many years, he become a salesman and can not get a better job.

this is a guy's fate, what can i learn from his experence?

i think there are 3 factors contribute to this result:
his knowledge, his character and the big environment

his knowledge:
after graduation, he chose a foreign company to earn more money, because in that time, foreign company will give a higher salary to attract students from famous university. he chose this company because it's salary is very high, and other choice like: research institution & high school will pay less.
so i think this choice is not bad, because his family is not rich, he need to earn more money whenhe enter the society.

his character:
his dream is designer, so he want to be a designer in his company, but there is no designer career in china mainland, so he choce to be a salesman and compromise to the reality.

his family:
his fater get cancer, can not get up normally, so need one person to take care. he return to his hometown to be a guard. and take care of his father in spare time. so sometimes the reality is very cruel, and we need to submit to it.

it is a so sad story, but a real story, maybe we will face the similar situation in the future, so how can we reply this reality?

there is another story in these days about an adult encounter a problem: his fater get a inflammation. so he need to spend so much money to cure his father but it is not useful, his fater dead and his family become very poor.(his family was rich before this)
so the disease is very horrific, it will destory your family and your life in short time. maybe your promising future will be very tragical.

so how can we face so curel reality?

hope we all have a happiness future, hope all people will be healthy!

Joe Zhang
